The reuse philosophy
- You should design code that both you and other programmers can reuse. This rule applies not only to libraries and frameworks that you specifically intend for other programmers
    to use, but also to any class, subsystem, or component that you design for a program. You should always keep in mind the mottos:
    + write once, use often
    + Avoid code duplication at any cost 
    + DRY - Don't repeat yourself

JUST GO OVER THE REUSE PHILOSOPHY

How to design reusable code
- The most important strategy is abstraction. 
- Seperate the interface from the implementation (We don't want to know about the inner workings of the code)
- There should be a clear distinction between the interface and the implementation
- When desigining your interface dont expose implementation details to your clients
- Abstraction is so important that it should guide your entire design. As part of every decision you make, ask yourself 
    whether your choice fulfills the principle of abstraction. Put yourself in your clients’ shoes and determine whether 
    or not you're requiring knowledge of the internal implementation in the interface. You should rarely, if ever, make exceptions to this rule.

Strategies
1) Avoid combining unrelated or logically sperate concepts (design a component to focus on a single task)
    a) Divide your programs into logical subsystems (design for low coupling. Two functions should not depend on each other)
    b) Use class Hierarchies to separate logical concepts
    c) Use Aggregation to Separate Logical concepts
    d) Eliminate User Interface dependencies
2) Use Templates for Generic Data Structures and algorithms
    a) Whenever possible you should use a generic design for data structures and algorithms instead of encoding specifics of a particular program 
3) Provide Appropriate Checks and Safeguards
    a) Design by contract: the documentation for a function or a class represents a contract with detailed description of what the responsibility of the client code is and what
        the responsibility of the functin or class is. 
        1) Preconditions: Conditions that the client code must satisfy 
        2) Postconditioins: The conditions that must be satsified by the function or method 
        3) Invariants: The conditions that must be satisfied during the whole execution of the function
    b) Design your functions and classes to be as safe as possible
        1) This is done by error checking the current state of the system, function parameters, etc. This checking can slow down the program. 
4) Design for Extensibility 
    a) You should strive to design your classes in such a way that they can be extended by deriving another class from them, but they should be closed for modification, that is, 
        the behavior should be extendable without you having to modify its implementation. This is called the Open/Closed Principle (OCP
5) Design Usable Interfaces 
6) Design Interfaces That Are Easy To Use 
    a) Follow Familiar Ways of Doing Things 
    b) Don't Omit Functionality 
    c) Present Uncluttered Interfaces ( Don't include every possible piece of functionality imaginable. This can make it hard to figure out how to use the interface.)
    d) Provide Documentation and Comments 
7) Design General-Purpose Interfaces 
    a) Provide Multiple Ways to Perform the Same Functionality 
    b) Provide Customizability
8) Reconcile Generality and Ease of Use 
    a) Supply Mulitple Interfaces 
    b) Make Common Functionality Easy to Use 
9) SOLID Principles 
    a) 